
# Disclaimer

## Not Financial Advice Disclaimer

**Disclaimer for https://shipwreckc0ve.gitbook.io/** 

By using our website, you hereby consent to our disclaimer and agree to its terms.

The material on this website has no regard to the specific investment objectives, financial situation, or particular needs of any user. This website is presented solely for informational and entertainment purposes and is not to be construed as a recommendation, solicitation, or an offer to buy or sell / long or short any securities, commodities, cryptocurrencies, or any related financial instruments. Nor should any of its content be taken as investment advice. https://righteousta.com/ content is not a financial advisor. The views expressed in this video are completely speculative opinions and do not guarantee any specific result or profit. Trading and investing is extremely high risk and can result in the loss of all of your capital. Any opinions expressed in this video are subject to change without notice. https://shipwreckc0ve.gitbook.io/ is not under any obligation to update or keep current the information contained herein. https://shipwreckc0ve.gitbook.io/ may have an interest in the securities, commodities, cryptocurrencies, and/or derivatives of any entities referred to in this material. https://shipwreckc0ve.gitbook.io/ accepts no liability whatsoever for any loss or damage of any kind arising out of the use of all or any part of this material. https://shipwreckc0ve.gitbook.io/ recommends that you consult with a licensed and qualified professional before making any investment or trading decisions.

The content covered in this website is NOT to be considered as investment advice. I’m NOT a financial adviser. These are only my own personal and speculative opinions, ideas, theories, hypotheses, charts, technical analysis (TA), insights, curated news publications, and price prediction(s). The technical analysis in this website is completely speculative and does NOT guarantee any specific result or profit. The technical analysis in this website has NO proven rate of accuracy and past performance does NOT indicate future results. Do NOT trade or invest based upon the analysis presented on this website. Always do your own research and only invest solely based on your own findings and personal judgment after consulting with a professional/licensed financial adviser. I’ll never tell you what to do with your capital, trades, or investments. I’ll also never recommend for you to buy or sell any asset, security commodity, derivative, or cryptocurrency-related instrument. I’m NOT a broker. I DON’T recommend or endorse the use of any brokerages or trading exchange platforms. Trading and/or investing in cryptocurrency and/or any related commodities/securities/derivatives/instruments is extremely HIGH RISK and you can very easily lose all of your investment capital! You should always consult with a professional/licensed financial adviser before trading or investing in any asset, security, commodity, derivative, or cryptocurrency-related instrument! I will NOT be held liable for any of your personal trading or investing decisions or any losses/damages that you may incur if you decide to speculate in the market. This website is purely for entertainment purposes only!
